Mom, I'm a little scared today
I want to go back to my room to rest
Good daughter
Why don't you go inside and rest?
madam
This ticket is about the same
Shen Fener is not adopted at all
His parents are his biological parents.
What does the hospital have his products?
What Grandma Zhao and Zhao Xiaoyue said just now
I always find some skills intolerable
Why don't you take a strand of your hair
And Miss Ferry's hair for me
I, along with Zhao Xiaoyue's hair
Let's do this elite test together.
What the hell is going on?
Mrs. Chen is right
We should do another genetic test
More secure
OK
Ok then do it again
I have to figure it out
What the hell is going on here?
It's over. It's over
Zhao Xiaoyue
You can't get what I can't get
If you want to die, die together